The website https://www.instahyre.com/ (Platform) is owned and operated by Blob Infotech Private Limited, a company incorporated in India under the Companies Act, 1956, having its registered office at Flat No. 2C, 2nd Floor, Urvashi Apartments, 3, Hungerford Street, Kolkata - 700017 and head office at Plot No. 284/2, 1st Floor, Lane No. 3, Westend Marg, Saidulajab, New Delhi, Delhi 110030 (Instahyre, we, our or us). Instahyre is engaged in the business of providing online services related to recruitment and other allied services related to recruitment through the Platform (Services).

This Privacy Policy (Policy) outlines the privacy practices of Instahyre with respect to the entire contents of the Platform including, without limitation, in relation to the collection, storage, use, processing, and disclosure of Personal Data (as defined below) that you have chosen to share with us when you access our Platform or Personal Data that we may have access to in relation to your use of Platform and access to our range of Services.

This document is published in accordance with the provisions of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules made thereunder that require publishing the rules and regulations, privacy policy and terms of use, on an online portal of Instahyre.

At Instahyre, we are committed to protecting your Personal Data (as defined below) and respecting your privacy. Please read the following terms of the Policy and the Terms of Use carefully (Terms of Use) before you access the Platform.

By using our Services or the Platform or otherwise giving us your information, you consent to be bound by this Policy. You also expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your Personal Data in the manner prescribed under this Policy and further signify your agreement to this Policy and the Terms of Use. If you do not agree to this Policy, kindly do not subscribe to the Services, use the Platform or give us any of your information. You agree and acknowledge that any subscription to the Services, use of the Platform or provision of your information shall be deemed accepted by conduct of the terms under this Policy. This Policy together with the Terms of Use we have with you applies to your use of the Services. Please read this Policy in consonance with the Terms of Use. For the purposes of this Policy, the term You or Your shall mean any user of our Platform or any person availing the Instahyre's Services, whether or not such persons are using the Platform or availing the Services for themselves or acting on behalf other persons.

This Policy is an electronic record in terms of the Information Technology Act, 2000 (as amended/re-enacted from time to time) and rules thereunder (IT Act), and, amongst others, is published in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 (1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries Guidelines) Rules, 2011, as well as Rule 4 of the Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules, 2011, which mandates for publishing of rules and regulations, privacy policy and terms of use for access or usage of the Platform. This Privacy Policy is an electronic record, generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.

Collection of Information
 We may collect information from you, through your use of the Platform or by joining the Instahyre community on social media websites, or which is provided to one of our marketing partners or through any third parties authorised by you and/or Instahyre. We may collect and process Personal Data provided by you or any authorised third party, including but not limited to:
 information that you provide at the time of registration including any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact or locate the user such as such as name, address, email address and phone number.
 any data that is automatically captured by the Platform including through the integration of your applications (including without limitation, Google meet, Google calendar, Zoom and Outlook calendar) with our proprietary software, your device information, operating system, web browser, proxy server, add-ons etc. You agree and acknowledge that integration of your applications with the Platform will enable us to provide our Services and services by our affiliated third-party service providers and by the action of integration, you authorise us and our affiliated third-party service providers to access and utilise your applications and receive information. Every computer / mobile device connected to the internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer's Internet Protocol or IP address. When you request a page from any page within the Platform, our web servers automatically recognize your domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed the Platform.
 usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our Platform and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content or ads (on or off our Platform), perform a search or apply for jobs.
 any data provided, uploaded or posted by you or any third party duly authorised by you and such other User Submission (defined hereunder), including data pertaining to your professional identities, employment history, employment data, work preferences, references, work history, educational history, feedback, survey responses, etc.;
 any data we collect in connection with our verification processes when you choose to access certain features of our Services, including documents issued by the government such as Aadhaar, PAN Card, Voter ID, etc. whether provided by you or any third party authorised by you;
 transaction data, including the details of the subscriptions and purchases you have availed via the Platform, payment methods etc; and
 communications data.
 We also collect, use, and share aggregated data. Aggregated data could be derived from your Personal Data but is not considered Personal Data under applicable laws. For example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific feature of the Services. However, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your Personal Data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as Personal Data which will be used in accordance with this Policy.
 We will receive information including Personal Data about you from various authorised third parties and public sources, including but not limited to as set out below:
 Our affiliates and partners;
 Analytics providers such as Google and LinkedIn;
 Advertising networks;
 Search information providers;
 Identity and contact data from data brokers, aggregators or social networks; and
 Identity and contact data from publicly available sources.
 Exclusion:
 This Policy does not apply to any information other than information collected by Instahyre through the Platform including such information collected in accordance with this Clause 1. This Policy will not apply to any unsolicited information provided by you through the Platform or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted on any public areas of the Platform. All such unsolicited information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and Instahyre will be free to use, disclose such unsolicited information without limitation.
 Instahyre does not store any account related information or any credit / debit card details. Instahyre shall not be liable for any loss or damage sustained by you as a result of any disclosure (inadvertent or otherwise) of any information concerning your account, credit cards or debit cards in the course of any online transactions or payments made for any products and/or services offered through the Platform.
 Instahyre also protects your Personal Data off-line other than as specifically mentioned in this Policy. Access to your Personal Data is limited to employees, agents, or partners and third parties, who Instahyre reasonably believes will need that information to enable Instahyre to provide Services to you. However, Instahyre is not responsible for the confidentiality, security or distribution of your own Personal Data by our partners and third parties outside the scope of our agreement with such partners and third parties.
Authenticity of Information
The Services provided by Instahyre contains content added, created, uploaded, submitted, distributed, or posted by users or any other third party (hereinafter referred to as, User Submissions). Instahyre does not guarantee the integrity, accuracy, completeness, truthfulness or that the User Submissions are updated or that it will not offend or upset any person or that it does not infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties. Instahyre does not pre-screen the User Submissions and which contain views that may be opinions of such users and also of experts and does not represent Instahyre's views or opinions. Instahyre does not claim any ownership rights in any such User Submissions. After posting any User Submissions on the platform operated by Instahyre, the users continue to own the rights that the users may have in that User Submissions subject to the limited license set out here. You agree that the information and Personal Data provided to Instahyre by you are true, correct, and accurate. We shall not be liable for any incorrect, inaccurate or false information or Personal Data that you might provide.
Use of the Information Collected
 Use of the Information for Services The primary goal of Instahyre and the authorised third-party service providers of Instahyre, in collecting the information, is to provide you access to the Platform for the purpose of providing the Services. Instahyre and its authorised third-party service providers may use the Personal Data provided by you in the following ways:
 To help provide you with the Services including but not limited to allowing you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities, connect you with recruiters, prospective employers, potential clients, partners, colleagues and other persons who avail Instahyre's Services or the authorised third-party service providers' services;
 To observe, improve and administer the quality of Service and the Platform;
 To analyze how the Platform is used, diagnose technical problems;
 Remember the basic information provided by you for effective access;
 To confirm your identity in order to determine your eligibility to use the Platform and avail the Services;
 To notify you about any changes to the Platform;
 To enable Instahyre to comply with its legal and regulatory obligations;
 For the purpose of sending administrative notices and Service-related alerts and similar communication, as detailed under this Privacy Policy, with a view to optimizing the efficiency of the Platform;
 To send promotional and other emails and other forms of communication;
 Doing market research, troubleshooting, protection against error, project planning, fraud and other criminal activity; and
 To enforce Instahyre's Terms of Use.
Information collected from you may be transferred to any third party as a result of a sale or acquisition, merger or bankruptcy involving Instahyre or in furtherance of any of the purpose mentioned above, without any explicit consent.
 We use third-party user experience improvement services (including but not limited to those provided by Google Inc. and/or its affiliates) and applications to better understand your behaviour on the Services.
 Use of information by recruiters
 You agree and acknowledge that your Personal Data may be shared on our Platform by various recruiters authorised by you for the purpose of availing Instahyre's Services. Any Personal Data that may be shared with us through these authorised recruiters may be used by us to provide you with, inter alia, the opportunities to explore careers, evaluate opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities or shared with other recruiters, prospective employers, potential clients, partners, colleagues and other persons. You also agree and acknowledge that such authorised recruiters shall be permitted to message, call, emails or establish any other means of communication with you along with scheduling interviews, uploading job descriptions etc. to enable the job seeking and hiring process.
Sharing of Information
 Sharing We share your Personal Data with recruiters and prospective employers who avail Instahyre's Services and provide you with, inter alia, the opportunities to explore careers, evaluate opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities or shared with recruiters, prospective employers, potential clients, partners, colleagues and other persons. Other than as mentioned elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, Instahyre may share aggregated demographic information with Instahyre's partners or affiliates. This is not linked to any Personal Data that can identify an individual person. Instahyre will not be liable for transfer of any personal identification information resulting from loss or distribution of data, the delineation or corruption of media storage, power failures, natural phenomena, riots, act(s) of vandalism, sabotage, terrorism or any other event beyond Instahyre's control. Further, Instahyre's Privacy Policy does not cover the use of Cookies by its partners and affiliates since Instahyre does not have access or control over such Cookies.
 Consulting Instahyre may partner with another party to provide certain specific services, if required. When you sign-up for such services, Instahyre will share names, or other Personal Data that is necessary for the third party to provide these Services. Instahyre's contractual arrangements with such third parties restrict these parties from using personally identifiable information except for the explicit purpose of assisting in the provision of these Services.
 Targeted Advertising You expressly acknowledge and agree that we may also share or transfer your Personal Data to third-party service providers, for the limited purpose of allowing or permitting such third-party service providers, including Google, and other social media websites to display Instahyre advertisements and notifications on websites across the Internet, based on the information that is collected by Instahyre, to optimize and display advertisements based on your past preferences and visits on the Platform as part of its Services. Instahyre does not allow any unauthorized persons or organization to use any information that Instahyre may collect from you through this Platform.
 Regulatory Disclosures We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. Thus, we may access, use, store, transfer and disclose your information (including Personal Data), including disclosure to third parties such as government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we reasonably determine is necessary and appropriate: (i) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, governmental requests or legal process; (ii) to protect the safety, rights, property or security of Instahyre, our Services, the Platform or any third party; (iii) to protect the safety of the public for any reason; (iv) to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; and /or (v) to prevent or stop any activity we consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, an illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity. Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.
 Referrals When you e-mail a service available on the Platform to a friend, you and your friend's names and e-mail addresses are requested. This ensures that your friend will know that you have requested that Instahyre send them an e-mail. Your email and your friends' e-mail addresses will only be used for this purpose unless permission is otherwise granted.
 Link to Third Party Platforms This Platform may contain links which may lead you to other Platforms. Please note that once you leave Instahyre's Platform you will be subjected to the privacy policy of the other Platform. The linked websites are not necessarily under the control of Instahyre. Please be aware that Instahyre is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. This privacy policy does not apply to any Personal Data (including financial data) collected by such third-party sites. Instahyre encourages you to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects Personal Data. If you decide to access any of the third-party sites linked to the Platform, you do this entirely at your own risk. Any links to any partner of Instahyre should be the responsibility of the linking party, and Instahyre will not be responsible for notification of any change in name or location of any information on the Platform.
 We may further disclose your Personal Data to such third parties to whom we have transferred our rights and duties under any agreement entered into with such third parties and may also disclose your Personal Data to any of our affiliates, subsidiaries or related entity.
 Your relationship with these third parties and their services and tools is independent of your relationship with us. These third parties may allow you to permit/restrict the information that is collected. It may be in your interest to individually restrict or enable such data collections.
Security of Information
 Instahyre has put in place appropriate methods and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure such Personal Data. Instahyre only processes Personal Data in a way that is compatible with and relevant for the purpose for which it was collected or authorized by the user. The Platform allows users access to their Personal Data and allows them to correct, amend or delete inaccurate information.
 Instahyre uses commercially reasonable precautions to preserve the integrity and security of your information against loss, theft, unauthorised access, disclosure, reproduction, use or amendment.
 The information that is collected from you may be transferred to, stored and processed at any destination within and / or outside India. By submitting information on the Platform, you agree to this transfer, storing and / or processing. The Instahyre will take such steps as it considers reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
 In using the Platform, you accept the inherent security implications of data transmission over the internet. Therefore, the use of the Platform will be at your own risk and Instahyre assumes no liability for any disclosure of information due to errors in transmission, unauthorised third-party access or other acts of third parties, or acts or omissions beyond its reasonable control and you agree not to hold Instahyre responsible for any breach of security.
 In the event Instahyre becomes aware of any breach of the security of your information, it will promptly notify you and take appropriate action to the best of its ability to remedy such a breach.
 Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain parts of the Services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share the password with anyone. You agree not to hold Instahyre responsible for any breach of security attributable as a result of sharing of the password or otherwise compromise of the password.
Data Retention
Instahyre shall not retain Personal Data longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected, including as detailed under this Policy and as permitted by applicable law. If you wish to cancel your account or request that Instahyre no longer use your information to provide you Services, contact us by clicking here. Even after your account is terminated, Instahyre may retain your Personal Data as needed to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, resolve disputes, conclude any activities related to cancellation of an account, investigate or prevent fraud and other inappropriate activity, to enforce our agreements, and for other business reasons.
Right to Withdraw Consent
The consent that you provide for the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data will remain valid until such time it is withdrawn by you in writing. If you withdraw your consent, Instahyre will stop processing the relevant Personal Data except to the extent that Instahyre has other grounds for processing such Personal Data under applicable laws. Instahyre will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. You may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting Instahyre or by using the functionalities of the Platform. In the event of withdrawal of consent, the Services provided by Instahyre to you may be affected. When you withdraw your consent, you agree to no longer receive any Services from Instahyre. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated herein, you continue to be liable to Instahyre for the amounts agreed to be paid to Instahyre as consideration for its Services in accordance with the Terms of Use.
Right to Correction
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, including but not limited to your contact information provided as part of account registration. Instahyre relies on the users to disclose to it all relevant and accurate information and to inform Instahyre of any changes. If you wish to make a request to correct or update any of your Personal Data which we hold about you, you may submit your request in writing through the functionalities on the Platform.
Notification of Changes
From time to time, Instahyre may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to its information practices. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy. If Instahyre makes any material changes, it will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Services prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Opt In and Opt Out Procedures
Upon registration, your confirmation will be sought to opt in for any communication from Instahyre and you may at any time choose to opt-out of receiving further communications from Instahyre. To be completely removed from Instahyre's mailing list, you may contact us by clicking here. If you are using an e-mail forwarding service or other similar service, please make sure to include the correct e-mail address or addresses.
Grievance Officer
You may contact us by clicking here with any enquiry relating to this Policy or an enquiry relating to your Personal Data (including reviewing or updating). You can also do so by writing to our Grievance Officer, established in accordance with the Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules made thereunder, at the address provided below:
Name: Grievance officer
Address: Flat No. 2C, 2nd Floor, Urvashi Apartments, 3, Hungerford Street, Kolkata - 700017
Access Outside The Republic Of India
Instahyre makes no representation that the Platform or Service is appropriate to be used or accessed outside of the Republic of India. If the Users use or access the Platform from outside the Republic of India, they do so at their own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of such jurisdiction. These Terms do not constitute, nor may it be used for or in connection with, any promotional activities or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such promotional activities or solicitation is not authorized or to any person to whom it is unlawful to promote or solicit.
Address for Privacy Questions
Should you have questions about this Policy or Instahyre's information collection, use, processing and disclosure practices, you may contact us by clicking here. We will use reasonable efforts to respond promptly to requests, questions or concerns you may have regarding our use of Personal Data about you. Except where required by law, Instahyre cannot ensure a response to questions or comments regarding topics unrelated to this Policy or Instahyre's privacy practices.